add release checker doc (#217)
pingcap/community: contributors/release-note-checker.md

## Background

> As we all know, the release process of TiDB is relatively lengthy. One of the most cost time thing is the collection of release notes. We have many PRs that do not have a release note when they are merged. Therefore, a release note checker was added to some repo in CI Check the release note, please pay attention when you mention pr and review, the effect is as follows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we all know, the release process of TiDB is relatively lengthy. One of the most time-consuming thing is collecting release notes. We have many PRs that do not have a release note when they are merged. Therefore, a release note checker has been added to some repositories in the CI Check. Please pay attention when you mention or review a PR. The effect is as follows:
```

Reviewer: - I fail to understand why we need to pay attention when "mention" a PR?
- Do we need to tell the name of those repos with this checker?

Author: 1. "mention" here means when you create a pr, I will fix it
2. I think not list the repos. I will comment on each PR which fail for checker to take a look at the document

<img src="../media/release-note-1.png" alt="Release note checker" width="450"/>

## Check principle and usage

> CI obtains the Release note keyword from the description, and judges that there is a release note displayed in the form of a list (internal judgment is a regular expression `Release note[\r\n]\s*[-|*].+`). If there is, it will judge success.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CI obtains the Release note keyword from the description, and judges that there is a release note displayed in the form of a list (internal judgment is a regular expression `Release note[\r\n]\s*[-|*].+`). If there is one, it will judge as success.
```

<img src="../media/release-note-2.png" alt="Write release note" width="450"/>

If there is really no release note, you can write "No release note"

<img src="../media/release-note-3.png" alt="No release note" width="450"/>

## Trigger method

> At present, every commit will automatically run a check. If the description is modified and you want to trigger again, you can command the `/rebuild` command to trigger again

Reviewer: Please check is this what you mean?
```suggestion
At present, every commit will automatically trigger a check. If the description is modified and you want to trigger again, you can add the `/rebuild` command to a new comment.
```

## Background
As we all know, the release process of TiDB is relatively lengthy. One of the most cost time thing is the collection of release notes. We have many PRs that do not have a release note when they are merged. Therefore, a release note checker was added to some repo in CI Check the release note, please pay attention when you mention pr and review, the effect is as follows

<img src="../media/release-note-1.png" alt="Release note checker" width="450"/>

## Check principle and usage

> CI obtains the Release note keyword from the description, and judges that there is a release note displayed in the form of a list (internal judgment is a regular expression ‘Release note[\r\n]\s*[-|*].+’). If there is, it will judge success

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CI obtains the Release note keyword from the description, and judges that there is a release note displayed in the form of a list (internal judgment is a regular expression `Release note[\r\n]\s*[-|*].+`). If there is, it will judge success.
```

BTW, It's better to add more examples (in markdown format) about the correct/accepted format of the release note.

Author: I think the pr template is enough?

# Release Note Checker

This document describes the background, principle, and usage method of the release note checker.

## Background
As we all know, the release process of TiDB is relatively lengthy. One of the most time-consuming thing is collecting release notes. We have many PRs that do not have a release note when they are merged. Therefore, a release note checker has been added to some repositories in the CI Check. Please pay attention when you create or review a PR. The effect is as follows:

<img src="../media/release-note-1.png" alt="Release note checker" width="450"/>

## Check principle and usage
CI obtains the Release note keyword from the description, and judges that there is a release note displayed in the form of a list (internal judgment is a regular expression `Release note[\r\n]\s*[-|*].+`). If there is one, it will judge as success.

<img src="../media/release-note-2.png" alt="Write release note" width="450"/>

> If there is really no release note, you can write "No release note"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is really no release note, you can write "No release note".
```
